---
comments: true
date: 2011-02-23 19:19:32
layout: post
slug: 2010-round-up
title: 2010 Round up
wordpress_id: 21
---

2010 was a significant year for Suzhou Eire Og with the beginnings of a very strong club.  In Feb of last year about 10 lads and lassies decided to get together and turn the rag tag men’s team into a full blown club with a ladies team and a social scene second to none in Suzhou.   By the end of the year they had exceeded all expectations and have established the Gaelic football club as one of the most sought after clubs in Suzhou.

Training kicked off in March with numbers exceeding 20 people turning up in the sleet and snow.  It wasn’t until we reached April did we get into the serious side of business with a trip to Shanghai where we played 3 matches and came out winners in the final 15 a side game.  At the end of April Shenzhen hosted the All China Games and Suzhou had a traveling party of 18 with a full complement of lads and half a ladies team who teamed up with Shenzhen to make history and be the first Suzhou ladies to participate in a competitive tournament.  The ladies did well narrowly losing out to Shenzhen in the Final of the bowl by 2 points.  The men were drawn in a tough group but won 2 and were beaten by our neighbors Shanghai A team.   In the cup quarter final play off the lads collapsed against a decent Dalian team.  They then went into the plate final against the Shanghai B team and after a very close game there was nothing separating the sides.  With a massive effort in extra time Suzhou pulled through by a point in extra time to claim the bowl.

With May a rest month, Suzhou lost a few key players.  June saw some social events with BBQ in our sponsors in Zapata’s.  Shanghai travelled down to Suzhou for a host of games with the ladies starting to get full numbers for a team playing.  In July the Eire Ogs hosted a comedy night at Zapata’s which was a great success.  Suzhou also travelled to Shanghai for another round of matches but unfortunately it was rained off with a torrential downpour when we arrived.  August saw Shanghai return to Suzhou and then we all travelled together to the Kunshan beer festival for a night of beer and team bonding. 

And so with September upon us it was only 4 weeks to the Asian Gaelic Games.  Suzhou had 33 people travel with one men’s team and one ladies team participating in the tournament.  On the Saturday in the group stages the ladies were beaten in their first match and lost stalwart Tracy Steward with a serious knee injury.  The ladies battled and dug deep without their inspirational captain/coach and beat a Thai ladies team who eventually went on to win the Bowl final.  The men also had a bad start and went on to lose their 3 group games to Thailand, India and Indonesia.  On the Sunday the ladies were narrowly beaten by Shenzhen in the quarter final of the bowl.  The lads went onto beat Hong Kong and Vietcelts to reach the final of the bowl against Beijing.  With only a few seconds on the clock and Suzhou up by 3 points Beijing scored a goal to send the match to extra time and unfortunately after winning our last 2 finals in extra time this was not to be and Beijing went on to win by one point.   Halloween costumes were dusted off and the Eire Og with the help of the Shanghai Saints ripped up Si Chuan Jie.  In November Suzhou were represented in Asian All Stars game which proceeded the Irish all stars exhibition match by their 2009 All star Ronan McGuinness in KL. 

With the season finished the only thing left was the end of year dinner and price given in which the main awards were picked up by,

Men’s Most Improved Player:  Turner Sparks

Ladies Most Improved Player:  Yulia

Ladies Player of the Year: Camila Bruda

Mens Player of the Year: Dom Mills

Club Person of the year: Dom Mills

Hall of Fame: Don Coyle

A special thanks has to go to our sponsors for 2010, Zapata’s Bar and Grill, CPM and Glanbia.  

Also special thanks to the trainers, Dom, Tracy and Ronan, and also to everyone who helped out throughout the year.
